Elegant you bastard
How could you do this to my sister?
How could you do this to me?
Sister, do you know that I am your brother-in-law?
Do you know who that is?
He is your future brother-in-law
Promise, now that you've seen it all
Then I'll tell me the truth
The person I really like is Yaoyao
And Yaoyao is the real daughter of the Bai family
You're just a counterfeit
Pardon me?
yuanyuan
There's something we haven't told you
The father, the queen, and the child were actually
Yaoyao is our biological daughter
This marriage contract was supposed to be Yaoyao
She is with the lamb
justifiable
What!
This is the appraisal report
You see?
You are not our blood
Hurry up and pack up and leave our house
father-in-law
You don't want to stay in our Bai family, do you?
If it weren't for you biting me
How could it be possible to suffer so much outside?
We've helped you find your parents
He will meet today
You are in such a hurry to help me go
OK
I go